[MRG] Add UNHaP experiments and documentation (#21)
mind-inria/FaDIn: README.md

> # FaDIn: Fast Discretized Inference For Hawkes Processes with General Parametric Kernels
> # UNHaP: Unmixing Noise from Hawkes Processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FaDIn: a tool box for fast and robust inference for parametric point processes
```

Reviewer: Then, the papers are cited below

pre-commit install
```

## Short examples

> A few illustrative examples are provided in the `examples` folder of this repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few illustrative examples are provided in the `examples` folder of this repository, in particular:
```
